Exported edit_johnathan_truth.csv
edit_johnathan accuracy: 0.00%
edit_johnathan false positives: 3687

Exported edit_johnathan_truth.csv
edit_johnathan accuracy: 98.85%
edit_johnathan false positives: 318

Exported edit_johnathan_truth.csv
edit_johnathan accuracy: 100.00%
edit_johnathan false positives: 1055

Exported edit_johnathan_truth.csv
edit_johnathan accuracy: 100.00%
edit_johnathan false positives: 4742

Exported trigram_johnathan_truth.csv
trigram_johnathan accuracy: 98.24%
trigram_johnathan false positives: 5290

Exported trigram_johnathan_truth.csv
trigram_johnathan accuracy: 60.92%
trigram_johnathan false positives: 77

Exported trigram_johnathan_truth.csv
trigram_johnathan accuracy: 11.07%
trigram_johnathan false positives: 0

Exported katheryne.csv
Soundex accuracy: 0.0%
Soundex false positive count: 1663

Exported jaro_katheryne_truth.csv
jaro_katheryne accuracy: 32.97%
jaro_katheryne false positives: 6

Exported jaro_katheryne_truth.csv
jaro_katheryne accuracy: 5.51%
jaro_katheryne false positives: 0

Exported jaro_katheryne_truth.csv
jaro_katheryne accuracy: 0.00%
jaro_katheryne false positives: 0

Exported edit_katheryne_truth.csv
edit_katheryne accuracy: 43.43%
edit_katheryne false positives: 6

Exported edit_katheryne_truth.csv
edit_katheryne accuracy: 6.86%
edit_katheryne false positives: 4103

Exported edit_katheryne_truth.csv
edit_katheryne accuracy: 43.43%
edit_katheryne false positives: 6

Exported edit_katheryne_truth.csv
edit_katheryne accuracy: 93.14%
edit_katheryne false positives: 714

Exported edit_katheryne_truth.csv
edit_katheryne accuracy: 100.00%
edit_katheryne false positives: 4817

Exported trigram_katheryne_truth.csv
trigram_katheryne accuracy: 22.05%
trigram_katheryne false positives: 66
Exported trigram_katheryne_truth.csv
trigram_katheryne accuracy: 5.51%
trigram_katheryne false positives: 0
Exported trigram_katheryne_truth.csv
trigram_katheryne accuracy: 0.00%
trigram_katheryne false positives: 0
